well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to go through the
looking glass because the country has
we're on our way
we're going to talk about what politics
is like
in countries that have the system of
government that trump wants
i think a lot of this is going to be
funny coming from me because i think
most of you know that joe biden is not
my man
however even i cannot deny
that joe biden is now the most powerful
man in the united states
and i don't mean that in the sense of
he's likely to be
elected president therefore he's
powerful i mean today
right now as a private citizen he's the
most powerful man in the united states
more so than trump and trump gave him
that power
in his hurry to cast himself as this
strong
tough guy leader
trump apparently neglected to learn how
politics works
in that kind of system and the system
that he wants to
bring about in the united states
because he created a situation in which
joe biden can give one speech
or one tweet and forever alter the
political landscape of the united states
the president is threatening to roll out
his goon squad from portland
nationwide
you know because it was so effective
there at
quelling dissent so effective that you
now have moms and grandmas
out in the street crowd sizes have grown
so these gatherings are larger than the
president's tulsa rally
that's how effective they are but the
president wants to roll him out
nationwide he's making the statement
talking about doing this right after the
entire country sees a member of this
task force say if you follow us you're
going to get shot
i would like to see the statute
authorizing that
i'm fairly certain that's illegal in
fact i'm fairly certain that just saying
that is illegal
but we all saw it we all saw the footage
you know what we didn't see an
investigation
we didn't see the president calling for
law and order then
we certainly didn't see any arrests
the american people saw that what does
that say about that task force
what can we infer from it
that they can't be trusted that they
don't have any credibility
that unlike the military when trump
tried this exact
same stunt with them that they won't
honor their oaths
you know he tried this before and got so
much pushback he had to cancel it
that's what the american people see
somebody that can't be trusted a group
of people who cannot be trusted which
means their reports to include their
arrest reports can't be trusted
the president has cast himself
as the opposite of joe biden
fine whatever the thing is the president
no matter how much he wants to pretend
that he's a maverick and an outsider
he's the establishment now he's been in
power for years
the president has successfully cast joe
biden
as the anti-establishment candidate
those people
who saw that footage those people who
saw what went on in portland
those people who have been paying
attention maybe for the first time
over the last few months they're looking
to joe
biden for leadership they see
him as what stands between totalitarian
rule
and the american way of life
is that an accurate read is joe biden
anti-establishment
no of course not that's silly
but that's not
how a lot of people are going to see it
because they're not going to look at it
as far as establishment they're going to
look at it
as fascism and the system we currently
have now
is joe biden the difference between that
yeah
and i am not a supporter of joe biden
so that gave joe biden an unprecedented
amount of power
you have a lot of distrust you have
people in the streets
you have an authoritarian squad running
around
that is completely unaccountable
and you have a lot of
opposition to the establishment party of
trump
if joe biden was to walk out tomorrow
and say if elected due to the lack of
transparency and the apparent corruption
within this task force
i have no choice but to pardon
anybody they arrest what happens
that task force becomes just like
president trump
completely ineffective at everything
what good is secret police if they're
not scary if they can't haul you off
if you know that they're only going to
be able to hold you a couple months
it would definitely get in votes it
would increase the number of people in
the streets
those people who see themselves as loyal
to joe biden it would
probably cause people to take to the
streets
in cities where they're not right now
because they have less fear of
repercussion
they have the backing of somebody
somebody who's anti-establishment
that's what the american people see this
is how politics
works in a country that
has had their constitution subverted
after three and a half years this is how
politics works
joe biden with a tweet
could send the country into utter chaos
and it's funny because that's what trump
tries to fear monger
joe biden wants this this is joe biden's
america no dude that footage is from
your administration
and if joe biden wanted it if he wanted
cities in flames he could do it now
with almost no effort
this tough guy rhetoric that everybody
likes to use
it's uh getting out of hand it's been
getting out of hand
and everybody needs to take a step back
because where we're headed most those
people who think
they want to go there they don't
you really don't this is how it starts
mass demonstrations secret police
establishment anti-establishment
this is what causes true strife
trump is setting the stage for it and i
know there's a lot of people who think
he's doing this intentionally
the thing is had he read the manual
he would understand that the people in
the street
pretty much always win
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day